Add namespace declaration section (#97)
WordPress/wpcs-docs: wordpress-coding-standards/php.md

Where possible, dynamic values in tag names should also be as succinct and to the point as possible. `$user_id` is much more self-documenting than, say, `$this->id`.

## Declare Statements, Namespace, and Import Statements

### Namespace declarations

Namespace naming should follow the class naming conventions. The namespace name should be prefaced by a `namespace` keyword, written in capitalized words separated by underscores.

```php
// Valid code example.
<?php
/**
 * File docblock.
 */

namespace Prefix\Admin\Domain_URL\Sub_Domain\Event;
```

There should be only one namespace declaration per file, and it should be at the top of the file. Namespace declarations using curly brace syntax are not allowed. Explicit global namespace declaration (namespace declaration without name) is not allowed.

```php

> // Invalid code examples.
> <?php
> /**
>  * Adding comments or whitespace inside a namespace declaration is not allowed. 
>  */
> namespace Prefix \
>     /* Here comes the real namespace */ Admin\DomainURL\ SubDomain\Event;
> use ...
> 
> /**
>  * Namespace declaration using curly brace syntax.
>  */
> namespace Foo {
>     // Code.
> }
> 
> /**
>  * Global namespace.
>  */
> namespace {
>     // Code.
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Incorrect: namespace declaration using curly brace syntax.
namespace Foo {
    // Code.
}

// Incorrect: namespace declaration for the global namespace.
namespace {
    // Code.
}
```

* The `<?php` in the code samples on Make were needed for the syntax highlighting to work, but aren't typically used in the handbook (unless they are part of the code sample).
* The example with the comments can IMO be left out of the handbook as it is a parse error in PHP 8.0+ anyway (and let's not give people ideas).

```

_There is currently no timeline for introducing namespaces to WordPress Core._ 

The use of namespaces in plugins and themes is strongly encouraged. It is a great way to prefix a lot of your code to prevent naming conflicts with other plugins, themes and/or WordPress Core.

Please do make sure you use a unique and long enough namespace prefix to actually prevent conflicts. Generally speaking, using a namespace prefix along the lines of Vendor\Packagename is a good idea.

[warning]
Using `wp` or `WordPress` as a prefix is not allowed.

> [/warning]

Reviewer: I don't think I've seen the `[warning]` shortcode used like this before ? Does this work ? How would this display ?

(in other places I've seen the more "markdowny"-syntax: `> Warning: ... `)

Just thinking: maybe this bit should actually be moved up to the first paragraph which talks about naming conventions ?

Something like: _The `wp` and `WordPress` namespace prefixes are reserved for WordPress itself._

Author: The inline JS coding standards are using some callout shortcodes here: https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/inline-documentation-standards/javascript/ (they are using `[tip]` ones).

I thought about adding the tips at the top, but it made more sense to me to leave them after we've introduced the namespaces. First the definition, then the do's/don'ts

Reviewer: Fair enough - still may be good to adjust the phrasing to my suggestion ?

Namespacing has no effect on variables declared outside of functions/classes, constants declared with `define()` or non-PHP native constructs, like the hook names as used in WordPress.

> Those still need to be prefixed individually.

Reviewer: I don't think this belongs in this section as it:
1. Is not actually about coding conventions for namespaces.
2. Is only applicable for plugins/themes.

Author: I agree with the part that it's not a coding convention, but more of useful knowledge, and since we are recommending the usage of the standards to all the WP community (outside of core).

It's similar to what we added in the Recommendation section about named arguments in my opinion. Plus extra knowledge cannot hurt, and I'm positive that a lot of WP devs are not aware of that fact 😄

Reviewer: In that case, what about putting this in an `[info]` block ?

Author: Love that idea!

);
```

## Declare Statements, Namespace, and Import Statements

### Namespace declarations

Each part of a namespace name should consist of capitalized words separated by underscores.

```php
namespace Prefix\Admin\Domain_URL\Sub_Domain\Event; // Correct.
```

There should be only one namespace declaration per file, and it should be at the top of the file. Namespace declarations using curly brace syntax are not allowed. Explicit global namespace declaration (namespace declaration without name) are also not allowed.

```php
// Incorrect: namespace declaration using curly brace syntax.
namespace Foo {
    // Code.
}

// Incorrect: namespace declaration for the global namespace.
namespace {
    // Code.
}
```

_There is currently no timeline for introducing namespaces to WordPress Core._ 

The use of namespaces in plugins and themes is strongly encouraged. It is a great way to prefix a lot of your code to prevent naming conflicts with other plugins, themes and/or WordPress Core.

> Please do make sure you use a unique and long enough namespace prefix to actually prevent conflicts. Generally speaking, using a namespace prefix along the lines of Vendor\Packagename is a good idea.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please do make sure you use a unique and long enough namespace prefix to actually prevent conflicts. Generally speaking, using a namespace prefix along the lines of Vendor\ProjectName is a good idea.
```

- The "package name" (as in what Composer might use) would be the [combination](https://getcomposer.org/doc/01-basic-usage.md#package-names) of the vendor + project name, so let's avoid using the word "package" here.
- Namespaces can include capitals mid-word, so let's show that as a valid example, rather than the title-case example that was currently used.

Reviewer: Shouldn't it in that case be `Vendor\Project_Name` (if we're talking compliance with the WP naming conventions for namespaces which we're adding in this PR) ?

```php
namespace Prefix\Admin\Domain_URL\Sub_Domain\Event; // Correct.
```

There should be only one namespace declaration per file, and it should be at the top of the file. Namespace declarations using curly brace syntax are not allowed. Explicit global namespace declaration (namespace declaration without name) are also not allowed.

```php
// Incorrect: namespace declaration using curly brace syntax.
namespace Foo {
    // Code.
}

// Incorrect: namespace declaration for the global namespace.
namespace {
    // Code.
}
```

_There is currently no timeline for introducing namespaces to WordPress Core._ 

The use of namespaces in plugins and themes is strongly encouraged. It is a great way to prefix a lot of your code to prevent naming conflicts with other plugins, themes and/or WordPress Core.

Please do make sure you use a unique and long enough namespace prefix to actually prevent conflicts. Generally speaking, using a namespace prefix along the lines of `Vendor\Project_Name` is a good idea.

[warning]
The `wp` and `WordPress` namespace prefixes are reserved for WordPress itself.
[/warning]

[info]

> Namespacing has no effect on variables declared outside of functions/classes, constants declared with `define()` or non-PHP native constructs, like the hook names as used in WordPress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Namespacing has no effect on variables, constants declared with `define()` or non-PHP native constructs, like the hook names as used in WordPress.
```

);
```

## Declare Statements, Namespace, and Import Statements

### Namespace declarations

> Each part of a namespace name should consist of capitalized words separated by underscores.

Reviewer 2: > separated by underscores

Does this originate from the WP standard being to name classes this way as well?

I agree that camel case namespaces and underscored class names would look very wrong, but this namespace puts us at direct odds with PSR-0/4.

Reviewer: From the Make post:
> Each “leaf” of a namespace name should be in Camel_Caps, i.e. each word should start with a capital and words should be separated by an underscore.
> Consecutive caps, like for acronyms, will be allowed. This is in line with other WP naming conventions.

The class file naming scheme already makes PSR-0/4 impossible anyway, so when I created the make post, I favoured consistency with existing WP rules for class names (principle of least surprise).

The one place where I strayed from that (spacing in `declare` statements), straight away got the (expected) remarks about introducing inconsistency with pre-existing rules.
